Seaside Retreats

My interactive project is a website designed to help users/customers easily search for and book hotels at a wide variety of british seaside locations. My website is a very simple and easy to use site consisting of a homepage, a dropdown list of 5 locations the user can access, a gallery page which has the most popular locations the site has to offer and a contact page which has a fully functioning contact form which will be sent to my gmail instantly with a template highlighting the users name, email and their enquiry. The site also includes a vast amount of functions and features for the user to utilise how they see fit such as the google maps api located on the home page which has a marker set for each location which when hovered will display an info box which has a brief summary of that location. 

For my websites design i decided to use a combination of light and dark blues throughout the page to follow the general sea/water look which is usually assosiated with the beach theme. Each title and header is in bigger and bolder text to highlight each section out clearly with standard black text which i felt contrasted best on the backgrounds and provided the professional look is was trying to portray. I also decided that on every page i added a 1px thick black border around each section of content creating a clearer structure to the page making it easier to follow and understand.

UX

This website is targeted towards the 40+ age group as from what i understand, it is typically the older people to enjoy going away to the beach for long weekends in luxuary hotels as most of those locations are tailored towards the older generation. I have tried to design my pages in such a way to draw that older age group in with it's simple, accessible and bright style through the use of the layout and features. The goal of this site is to allow users to navigate around the site and find their perfect weekend holiday situated by the beachfront all over the UK and book a holiday with their specific specifications of date and price. If they get stuck at all then they will be able to utilise the contact form to get in touch with someone who can help thm further. 
